# 🌩️ Brainstorming Challenge Ideas
Put any ideas for our maze-solving challenge in this file, no matter how dumb they seem.
- Have 1 mouse run the maze at a time but save all data from previous runs allowing latter mice to use data collected by the earlier mice in order to traverse the maze faster. Under this approach the 1st mouse should have the worst time but the second and thrid mice should traverse the maze significantly faster. Maze should have one entrance and one exit.
- All three mice enter the maze from different enterences at the same time. As the mice explore the maze they share data in order to more quickly locate the exit. Maze must have 3 enterances but may have between 1 to 3 exits. If the maze has 3 exits then each mouse may have to leave the maze through a particular exit (or not).
- Mouse relay race. First mouse starts and travels until in reaches the second mouse. At that point the firts mouse stops and the second mouse begins moving. When the second mouse reaches the third mouse the second mouse stops and the third mouse begins moving. The third mouse must then find the exit and then leave the maze.
- Marco Polo: One robot (Marco) enters the maze and starts playing a specific tune on its buzzer. The other robots (Polos) have to locate the source of the sound and bump into Marco.
- Search and Rescue: One robot traverses the maze and gets stuck (e.g., falls into a ditch). It broadcasts its coordinates or the directions it took and the other robots have to race to rescue it in time. The fixer robots will detect the broken-down robot by bumping into it and then playing a song to signify that the robot was fixed. Then, all the robots will drive off into the sunset.
